Web Development is building, creating and maintaining websites, with focus on design, publishing and programming aspects. Through my current education I develop constantly new, IT-related competences, skills and solutions every single day. My knowledge and fluency in HTML and CSS are broad and progressing, while JavaScript is an everyday, exciting challenge.

<i>Hypertext Markup Language</i> is a tool for creating the pure content for webpages. Combined with CSS, helps setting up a layout of it, and with added JavaScript, the functionality as well. A short, though broad experience with this mark-up language taught me ability to build responsive and semantic website from the scratch.

With usage of<i>Cascading Style Sheets</i>, developers format the webpages, among others, the design and layout. The visual part of developing a website, is the most exciting, nontheless challenging, and creativity-stimulating process for me. Deepening my curiosity about design, layouts, color palettes is simply a pleasure.

JavaScript is one of the core technologies to be found nowadays. It is in constant process of development and therefore, in order to keep up, one have to update itself and learn constantly. Me myself, being new to this programming language, I struggle every single day to gain even greater understanding and develop my skills.

Bachelor's programme has been a journey full of practical usage and assesment of various business and/or concept development oriented models and methods, among them Design Thinking, Effectuation and Lean Start-up. In my Bachelor Thesis, I merged theoretical knowledge regarding innovation and entrepreneurial processes with a foreign market analysis to provide a solution focused on fulfilling that market needs.Being responsible is empowering for me personally, given more control and authority, the motivation comes itself to me. Leadership on a secondary level was disciplined due to my professional experience in the service industry. Project Management on the other hand, I do owe to my education and focus on group work my educations had.

Polish being my mothertongue. English being language, which I studied my Bachelor in. Danish being my everyday language as I reside in Denmark. My linguistic profficiency is on a high level, and with a big potential of growing. I already did gain an experience with direct translations between all mentioned languages during my internship at Wedbox ApS as the Polish Bridal Market Developer.